Hey, YouTube, how you doing?
Happy to see you all here.
Thanks for joining the live show either live or coming in and watching afterwards.
Hi, Dylan.
Hey, how's it going, Michael?
Hey, it's good to have you here on the podcast.
Yeah, thanks.
Yeah.
You ready to kick this thing off?
Yeah, let's do it.
Let's do it.
Very happy to be here.
Dylan, welcome to Talk Bythenemy.
Yes, thank you.
I am a fan, have listened to a lot of episodes and big podcast fan.
So I'm happy to be on here.
Thanks.
Yeah, I'm sure you are.
Your specialty is in the realm of turning voice into words.
So yeah, I bet you do a lot of studying of media like podcasts or videos and so on.
Right.
Yeah.
You know, it's, it's actually funny.
There's, so I started the company.
I started assembly like four years ago and there was this one audio file that I always
used to test our speech recognition models on.
It was this Al Gore TED talk from like 2007, I think.
And I've almost memorized like parts of that TED talk because I've just tested it so many
times.
It's actually still part of our end-to-end test suite.
It's in there.
It's like a legacy kind of founder thing that's like in the code still.
Yeah.
It is kind of funny, especially now that we're like 30 people at the company and I'll see some
of the newer engineers writing tests around that Al Gore file still. And it makes me laugh
because there's no real reason I picked that. It was just something easy that came to me.
Yeah, you get started. I just got to grab some audio, hear something, right?
Yeah, exactly. So yeah, definitely have also listened to a ton of podcasts. And
I was with, we just started releasing models
for different languages,
and I was with someone from our team last week,
and I heard this phone call,
and this foreign language, people screaming on this.
I was like, "What are you listening to?"
(laughing)
And it is funny, as an audio company,
you get sometimes data from customers,
and it's like, you have to listen to it.
Yeah, yeah.
- Yeah, I bet there's some interesting stories in there,
for sure. - Yeah, yeah.
Well, we're very privacy conscious, so not too many.
But yeah, there was just on the verge, there was just an article about a different speech to text company.
I don't know if you've seen this, that there was some suspicious stuff going on.
Here, let me see if I can find it.
I think.
What was it called?
It was otter, otter.ai, which I'm not asking you to speak on them, but
um, this journalist, otter.ai scares or a minor that cloud transcription
isn't completely private.
Um, but yeah, so we can talk, talk a little bit.
Yeah, we'll get it.
Basically there was a conversation about, Uyghurs in China or something like
And then they unprompted reached out to the person who was in the conversation and said,
"Could you tell us the nature of why you had to speak about this?"
No way.
They're like, "What?"
That is crazy.
Yeah.
Or a little concerned about why you're addressing the content of our conversation.
Yeah. There's a lot of that suspicion around, there's some conspiracy theories right around.
It was right around like, oh, does your phone like listen to you while you're around?
And does it ambiently listen to you and then use that data to remarket to you?
And I was talking to someone about this recently.
I know nothing about the location-based advertising world, but sometimes I'll be talking about
something and then I'll see ads for it on my phone or if I'm on Instagram or something.
And someone told me it's probably more based on like the location that you're in and the
other data that they have about you.
You were at your friend's house, your friend just searched for that, then told you about
it.
Exactly.
And now they're probably also, yeah, exactly.
It's probably, I think the reality of that is that it's actually more terrifying than
if they were just listening to you.
Yeah.
That they can piece together this shadow reality of you that matches reality so well.
Yup.
Yeah.
Like your friend just bought this thing and you went over and then, so maybe you're interested
in this thing because you're probably told you about it or something.
Yeah.
It is really crazy.
I haven't paid too much attention to all the changes
that are happening around like,
I know I listened to some podcast,
I think on the Wall Street Journal about
like the big change that Google is making around that
tracking and how a lot of people are up in arms about that.
And it was saying something how like they're gonna have,
and sorry if I'm derailing whatever plan we had.
- You're derailing in a way that I'm like
super passionate about because it's so crazy.
But yeah.
- Yeah, it's so interesting.
They said that there's, I'm probably butchering this,
but something how like for each user,
they're just gonna have like six like categories about you.
And then one of them is gonna be randomly inserted
as to somehow anonymize your profile.
And I just thought, yeah, it was super weird to hear
about how they're doing that.
And like what the meeting was internally
that came up with that idea.
You know, so I'm like, well,
let's just throw a random category on there.
Yeah.
- It's so, you know, my,
without going too far into this.
My thoughts are, we're faced or we're presented
with a false dichotomy.
Either you can have horrible, creepy, tracking,
advertising, shadow things like we talked about,
or you can let the creators and the sites
that make the services you love die.
And those are not the two,
there are more choices than two in this world, right?
For example, you could have some kind of ad that is related to what is on the page rather
than who is coming to the page.
You don't necessarily have to retarget me.
Like for example, right here on this podcast, I'm going to tell people about, I'm not sure
without looking at the schedule, what the advertisers are for this episode, but I am
going to tell people about that and it is exactly related to the content of this show.
It's not that I found out that Sarah from Illinois
did this Google search and visited this page,
so now we're going to show it.
No, there's so many sites, like this one here on The Verge.
You could have ads for Assembly AI.
And it would be-- maybe you don't actually want to do this one.
But things like this.
It would be totally reasonable to put an ad for speech
to text companies on there that requires no targeting
and no evil shadow companies.
And there's, you know, like we can go on and on,
but there are many ways like that, right?
That don't require this false dichotomy
that is being presented to us.
So hopefully we don't end up with either of those
'cause I don't think those are the best options
or the only options.
- Yeah, it's weird how that's kind of how things developed,
you know, to where we are now.
Yeah, but I agree with you.
- Everyone's looking for like,
Okay, well, if we do retargeting, we can get 2% better returns and no one's worried about,
well, what happens to society?
That's actually what I was going to say.
It's all about the high growth society that we have where we need to maximize growth and
maximize returns.
And I mean, I understand this acutely.
I'm the CEO of a startup, so I get it.
But yeah, it's when it's growth over everything, you end up with things like what you said,
going proves it to our returns 2%.
So let's do this, but you don't think about
what the trade offs will be.
Yeah.
- Absolutely.
All right, well, thanks for that diversion.
I know it was great.
But let's, before we get beyond it,
let me just get your background real quick.
How do you get into programming
and I'm gonna mix it up a little and machine learning.
- Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Do you want the long story or the short story?
- Intermediate.
- Intermediate, great.
So the intermediate story is that I started a company when I was in college, just like
a college startup thing.
And at the time, was very limited in my programming knowledge.
I had done some basic like HTML when I was a kid.
I was really into like, Counter Strike and Call of Duty.
And yeah, I would like sell up like private servers.
I don't know how I got into this, but I read these servers and I would remote Windows
desktop into them and set up private Counter-Strike servers and then sell those and set up a basic
website for it with HTML and CSS.
My brother was super into computers, so he was always into computers.
And then in college, got into startups.
And I think programming and startups are really connected.
So through that, learned how to code, learned how to program, started attending Python meetups
in Washington, DC, where I went to school.
And that's how I met Matt McKay, who we had a mutual connection.
So I attended a bunch of meetups, learned how to program and then got really into it.
But I think what I found myself more interested in was the more like meaty programming problems,
like, I guess, like algorithm type problems. And that kind of naturally led me to like,
machine learning and NLP. And then kind of just like took off from there, because I found that
I was really interested in, in machine learning and, and, and like different NLP problems.
Those are obviously the really hard ones. You know, it's, yeah, especially probably,
- When was this that you were doing it?
- This is maybe like 2013, 2014.
- Yeah, so the early days of when that was becoming real.
I remember feeling like all this AI and text to speech
or speech to text rather type of stuff was very much
like fusion, like 30 years out, always 30.
Like it's gonna come eventually,
but people are doing weird stuff in Lisp
And it doesn't seem to be doing much of anything at all.
You know, and then all of a sudden...
I've played around with some Perl, some like Perl scripts, you know?
Yeah.
And then all of a sudden we end up with like amazing speech attacks.
We end up with self-driving cars, like something clicked and it all came to life.
Yeah.
It's kind of crazy, especially over the last couple of years.
I think what's really interesting is that a lot of the advances in like self-driving
cars and NLP and speech to text, they're all based on similar machine learning algorithms.
So, like the transformer, which is a really popular type of neural network, that came
out was initially applied towards just NLP, like text language modeling related tasks.
Now that's shown to be super powerful for speech as well.
Whereas classical machine learning, there are still these underlying algorithms like
support vector machines or other types of underlying algorithms. But a lot of the work
was around the data. And so how can you extract better features for this type of data? And you
had to be... I remember when I was getting into speech recognition, I bought this speech
recognition textbook. And this is a while ago. And it was around really understanding phonemes,
and how different things are spoken, and how the human speech is spoken. And now,
You don't need to know about that.
You just get a bunch of audio data
and you train these big neural networks
and they figure that out.
- You don't have to understand British accents
and American accents, you just give it a bunch of,
give it a mix, right?
- Yeah, yeah, exactly.
But it is crazy to see where things have gotten
over the last couple of years in particular.
Yeah, so when I was starting out,
neural networks were there,
but they were a lot more basic and you didn't have,
like there's a lot more compute resources now,
more mature libraries like TensorFlow and PyTorch.
I think I went to like one of the first TensorFlow meetups
that they had, or not meetups, like developer days
or whatever down at the Google conference.
So it's like so new still.
Yeah, it's so new.
- Yeah, it's easy to forget just a while ago.
- It is.
- But that all this stuff didn't even exist, right?
- Yeah, absolutely.
- So you mentioned assembly AI?
That's what you're doing these days, right?
Yeah, so I am the founder of a company called Assembly AI.
We create APIs that can automatically transcribe and understand audio data.
So we have APIs for automatic speech to text of audio files, live audio streams, and then
APIs that can also summarize audio content, do content moderation on top of audio content,
topics, what we call like audio intelligence APIs. And so we have a lot of startups and
enterprises using our APIs to build the way we call it like applications on top of audio data,
whether it's like content moderation of a social platform or speeding up workflows like I'm sure
you have where you take a podcast recording and transcribe it so you can make it more shareable
or extract pieces of it to make it more shareable.
Yeah.
- Exactly, yeah.
Basically for me, it's a CLI command that runs Python
against your API, against a remote MP3 file,
and then, you know, magic outcome.
- That's the great thing about podcast hosts
that are also programmers.
Like I've talked to a few and they're all like,
there's a bunch that are non-programmers
and they use these different services,
but every podcast host that I've talked to
that's a programmer, they have their own CLIs
and Python scripts that they're running.
- Yeah, there's a whole series of just CLIs
and other commands to do the workflow.
I do wanna just give a quick statement, disclaimer.
So if you go over to the transcripts,
or possibly I suspect if you listen
at the beginning of this episode,
it'll say that it's sponsored by Assembly AI.
This episode is not part of that sponsorship.
This is just, you and I got to know each other,
You're doing interesting stuff.
You've been on some other shows that I've heard that the conversation was interesting.
So invited you on this.
Thank you for sponsoring the show.
But just to point out, this is not actually part of that.
But with the transcripts that we do have on the show,
the last year or so are basically generated from you guys, which is pretty cool.
Yeah. Yeah. And we don't even need to talk about assembly that much.
This podcast, we could talk about other things.
Yeah. So one of the things I want to talk about
- And maybe what's on the screen here
gives a little bit of a hint of being TensorFlow,
is why do you think Python is popular
for machine learning startups in general?
I feel that I'm not as deep in that space as you,
but looking in from the outside,
I guess I would say it feels very much like Python
is the primary way which a lot of
this machine learning stuff is done.
- Yeah, yeah, that's a good point.
So like why that is, I think outside of machine learning,
Outside of machine learning, even, I think Python's just such a popular language because
it's so easy to build with compared to like PHP or C# and like even JavaScript. Like when I learned
to code, I started with Python because the syntax was easy to understand. There were a lot of good
resources. And then there's kind of this like snowball effect where more people know Python,
there's more tutorials about Python, there's more libraries about Python, and it's just more popular
- Yeah, this insights, you'll be pulling this up.
- Yeah, if people, I mean, I've talked about this a lot,
right, but if you pull up the stack overflow trends
for the most popular programming languages,
there's only one that is going dramatically up
out of, what is this, 10 languages or something?
And yeah, it's so--
- It's just so much more popular.
- Yeah, it is.
It's so interesting how it's really sort of taken off.
And it wasn't, you know, back in when you got started
when I got started back in this general area of 2012, 20--
- What was the number one language then?
- The number one then was, what is that?
- C#. - C#.
But you got to keep in mind, this is a little bit of a historical bias of Stack Overflow.
Stack Overflow was started by Jeff Atwood and Joel Spivolsky,
who came out of the .NET space.
And so when they created it, its initial traction was in C# and VB.
But over time, clearly, it's become where programmers go, obviously.
So yeah, yeah, I got a bit with a grain of salt, but that that was the number one back
in the early days.
Another founder legacy.
Yes, exactly.
So I agree that it's absolutely generally popular and I think there's some interesting
reasons for that.
Yeah, so approachable, but it's not a toy, right?
A lot of approachable languages are toy languages and a lot of non toy languages are hard to
approach.
That's a good point.
Yeah, like for me, it was very easy to get started with Python.
So I taught myself how to program.
I went to college, I studied economics, so I did not study programming in college, computer
science.
And the first language I started to try to learn was PHP.
And I bought this huge PHP textbook and made it halfway through and I was like, "What is
going on?"
And I just, I gave up and then tried again with Python later and it was so much easier.
And then I also wonder how much of this is like for the machine learning libraries in
specific like you have these macro trends where a lot of the data science boot camps
that have been so popular, like there's like scikit-learn.
I know we have a tab up there.
There's like NumPy and I forget what, NLTK is one of the popular NLP libraries.
So there were a lot of libraries in Python in the early,
like when I was getting into NLP,
I worked a lot with NLTK and like SciPy
and Scikit-learn and NumPy.
And I think a lot of work was done around there.
And so people that were doing data science
or doing some type of machine learning
were already in Python.
And then now you have like PyTorch and TensorFlow
and it's just like kind of cemented like, okay,
you know, the machine learning libraries today,
popular ones there. You work with them in Python.
Yeah. You want to give us your thoughts on those? We've got TensorFlow and PyTorch and
probably Scikit-learn as well. Those are the traditional ones. We've got some newer ones
like Hugging Face.
Yeah. Yeah. They're a cool company.
Maybe give us a survey of how you see the ML space, the libraries that people might
choose from.
So when we started the company, everything was in TensorFlow.
And I think-- - When was that?
- Back in like late 2017.
- Okay.
- Yeah, late 2017.
Everything was in TensorFlow.
And actually, I don't know what year PyTorch came out.
I don't even know if it was out back then.
Or maybe it was like just internally.
- Yeah, it's pretty new, yeah.
- Yeah.
So TensorFlow was definitely, they got started early.
I think their docs and the framework
just got kind of complicated over the years.
And then it sort of rebooted with TensorFlow 2.0,
and then there was Keras that was popular.
It kind of got pulled in.
Now I think-- so we switched everything over to PyTorch
in the last year or two.
A big reason for that was that--
and we actually put out this article on our blog comparing
PyTorch and TensorFlow.
And we have this chart where we show the percentage of papers that are released, where the code
for the paper is in PyTorch versus TensorFlow. And it's a huge, huge difference. Most of
the latest research gets implemented. Yeah, here it is. If you go down to one of... So
this is, yeah, Hugging Face. Can you keep going? Yeah, research papers. Yeah, go up
So it shows like the fraction of papers.
And so what we're showing here for the people that are listening is like a graph that shows
the percentage of papers that are built using PyTorch versus TensorFlow over time.
Yeah, when you started it was what is this six, seven percent PyTorch and the balance
being TensorFlow when you started the company.
And now it's 75% PyTorch.
That's a very large change.
Yeah.
Really dramatic change.
If PyTorch was a company, it'd be probably raising a lot of money.
But I think one of the reasons we picked PyTorch is because a lot of the newer research was
being implemented in PyTorch first.
There were examples in PyTorch, and so it was easier to get...
They have it on their tagline.
I have to quote them, "From research to production."
It was easier to get more exotic advanced neural networks into production and actually
start training models with those different types of layers or operations or loss functions
that were released in these different papers.
So we started using PyTorch and we kind of haven't looked back.
Well if you're tracking all the research and trying to build a cutting edge startup around
ML, you don't want to wait for this to make its way to other frameworks.
If you want to just grab it and go.
So that's where the research is being done.
That helps a lot.
Right?
Right.
Exactly.
Yeah.
You can get, just get up and running a lot faster with the newer research.
And so most companies that I talk to now, they're all using PyTorch.
I think PyTorch is definitely like the more popular framework.
There's some new ones coming out that have people excited, but still like from what I
can sense PyTorch is.
If someone was going to get started today, I would tell them to start with PyTorch.
Yeah.
Okay.
I think TensorFlow is also...
Who runs PyTorch?
Yeah, go ahead.
Sorry, who runs PyTorch?
I think it was released by Facebook, right?
Yeah.
And then TensorFlow, that's Google, right?
Google, yeah.
Yeah.
And I think Google's tried to tie TensorFlow into their Cloud ML products, so train your
models on Google Cloud and use their TPUs in the cloud.
And there's probably some business cases behind that, but I feel like it may have made the
developer experience worse because it's trying to give back to Google.
Whereas PyTorch isn't trying to get you to train your models on Facebook Cloud or something.
What's the story with hugging face?
People probably wouldn't use Facebook Cloud if that existed nowadays.
I don't know if you'd want to host your data in MetaCloud.
cloud. You can only do it in VR. What's the story with Hugging Face?
So Hugging Face is a cool, it's actually, so this is a company actually, and they have,
it's kind of hard to even explain. It's like, you can basically get access to a bunch of
different pre-trained models really quickly through Hugging Face. And so if you want to,
a lot of work around NLP now is like how familiar with like self-supervised learning or like
base models for NLP. How familiar with that?
So the idea is to have a, like a general model and then apply some sort of
transfer learning to build up a more specialized one without training from
scratch. Is that
exactly? Yeah. And that general model is really just trained to like learn
representations of the data. So it's, it's not even really trained, like with
us, our particular like NLP task, it's just like trained to learn
representations of data. And then with those representations that it learns, you can then say,
like, "Okay, I'm going to train you towards this specific task with some labeled data in a
supervised manner." And so there are some really popular open source base models, foundation
models, like BERT is one. There's a bunch of others. But you can easily get... Like load up
up BERT basically and fine tune it on your data with HuggingFace.
So if you're trying to get a model up and running quickly in like the NLP,
like the text domain, you can do that pretty easily with HuggingFace.
Okay.
Interesting.
So it's less like, if you want to like build your own neural network from
scratch, like inputs to outputs, implement your own loss function, all
that, you know, you would do that in PyTorch.
If you want to try to just like quickly fine tune
or for a specific task that you're trying to solve,
you know, you could still go like the PyTorch route,
but it would just be faster to go tugging base.
So they've seen a lot of adoption there.
And then scikit-learn is kind of like the old school
library that's been around forever with like--
- The OG, yeah, for sure.
- The OG, yeah.
Like if you want to do stuff with like support vector
machines or random forest or like caterers neighbors,
Um, you know, this is scikit-learn is, is, probably still really popular in that.
Yeah.
For those different use cases.
I do think that scikit-learn being used quite a bit still.
Um, yeah, maybe in the research, the academic, if you go take a course on
it, you know, probably there's a lot of stuff on this, I would guess.
Yeah.
Like there's a lot of times where, I mean, you don't really
need to build a neural network.
I mean, there's parts of our stack that are like basic machine learning, like statistical models.
And if you can get away with it, it's a lot easier to train and you don't need as much data and
it's easier to deploy. So like a lot of like recommendation type models or, and sometimes
SVMs are just like good enough. SVMs, support vector machines are just good enough for
a task that you might want to have. So-
for a lightweight Netflix recommendation or YouTube recommendation, not like the high-end
stuff that I'm sure they're actually doing. Something like that. That kind of recommendation
engine, yeah. Something basic. Although I actually am kind of underwhelmed with the Netflix and
YouTube recommendations are very good. Netflix recommendations and Prime recommendations,
I'm kind of underwhelmed by. You would think that- I agree.
Yeah, yeah. They, they, it's still so hard to find things to watch sometimes on those platforms.
It is. And YouTube, interestingly, seems to have an end. So if you scroll down through YouTube,
like 10 pages, it'll start showing you like, well, it seems like we're out of options here,
we'll show you 10 from this one channel, and then we'll just kind of stop it. Like,
I know you got a lot of videos, you could just keep recommending. So I'm pretty sure if you
you would keep recommending. There's stuff down here, but yeah, I agree. It's interesting.
I feel like it's gotten better too. My YouTube consumption has really picked up over the
last year, I would say. There are recommendation algorithms and I don't know if it's just more
content being created or maybe it's just a personal thing for me. And there was some
thing on Hacker News too about YouTube comments that one of the founders of Stripe posted
are generally very positive.
And there's really good comments on YouTube, too.
So they've definitely also come up
with ways to classify comments as being high value or not,
and then put those up top.
And nowadays, those models are definitely
used with something like some big neural networks
and transformer.
Because those neural networks, they're
so much better at understanding context.
and like SVMs, you have to still,
for a lot of these classical machine learning approaches,
like feed it hand labeled data,
but the neural networks, yeah,
they're really good for those language tasks now.
- Yeah, absolutely.
Christopher out in the audience has a question.
That's kind of interesting.
Does it make sense to start with scikit-learn
if, for example, you're trying to predict
when a production machine is not out of tolerance
yet is trending to be.
- Is that like--
- If you're like monitoring like a data center
for maybe VMs, I'm guessing.
- Like your RAM or like memory is going high
or like some statistic is like predictive
that this VM--
- Failure is coming, yeah, something like that.
- Failure is coming, yeah.
And the question was, is it SVM?
Or scikit-learn, good to start with.
Yeah, I would actually probably say
that's where you want to go with something like Scikit-learn.
Because there's probably very clear-cut patterns.
I would say if you're unsure of what the pattern is,
then a neural network is good because a neural network can,
in theory, like you're feeding it raw data
and it's learning the pattern.
But if you know what the pattern is, like, OK,
there's probably these signals that if a human was just
sitting there looking at it all day,
would be able to tell this system is probably
going to go down, then you just can train an SVM or some type of classical machine learning
model with scikit-learn to be able to do those predictions with pretty high accuracy.
And then you've got a super lightweight model.
You don't need much training data to train it.
Because you're not trying to build something that's like super generalizable to like all
systems or like all AWS instances.
It's probably something unique to your system.
But I would say that's kind of where the difference is.
And then it's a lot easier too,
'cause if you're trying to build like a neural net,
it's like, well, what type, how many layers,
what kind of like optimization schedule,
like learning rate, there's all these hyper parameters
and things you have to figure out.
You still have to do that too
for classical machine learning to a degree,
but if your problem's not that difficult,
it's not as fancy nowadays, but it gets the job done.
- Yeah, I suspect you could come up with some predictors
and then like monitor them for in this model,
whereas opposed to here's an image that is a breast scan,
does it have cancer or not, right?
Like, we don't really know what we're looking for,
but there probably is a pattern that could be pulled out
by a neural network.
- Exactly, yeah, that's a great point.
And, you know, like we're trying to build
some predictive scaling for our API right now,
because one of the problems with,
or challenges of a startup that's doing
machine learning in production is,
we deploy like hundreds of GPUs
and thousands of CPU cores into production every day
at peak load, and you have to be able to scale to demand.
And if you overscale at that size,
then there's just huge costs that come with that.
If you underscale, there's bad performance for end users.
And so we've done a ton of work around like auto scaling
and trying to optimize models and production
and things like that.
And now we're trying to do some predictive scaling.
And for that, for example,
we probably do something super simple with like scikit-learn.
We wouldn't do a neural net for that.
- Yeah, the scaling sounds like solving
basically a similar issue.
- Yeah, yeah.
- As understanding failure, right?
- Yeah, exactly, exactly.
- The lack of scaling sometimes is kind of,
the result is failure.
So they're somewhat related together.
All right, you talked about running stuff in production
and there's obviously two aspects for machine learning
companies and startups and teams and products
that are very different than say,
the kind of stuff I do, right?
Like I've got APIs that are running,
we've got mobile apps,
we've got people taking the courses,
but all of that stuff is like,
one, it's always the same, right?
It's, we put stuff up and people will use it
and consume it and so on.
but for you all, you've got the training
and almost the R&D side of things
that you've got to worry about working on and scaling,
and then you've got the productionizing.
So maybe tell us a little bit about how you,
what do you guys use for training?
Yeah, maybe start with the training side.
- Yeah, the training side,
it's basically like impossible to use the big clouds for that
because it would just be prohibitively expensive,
at least for what we do.
So we train like these huge neural nets
for speech recognition and different NLP tasks.
And we're training them across like 48, 64 GPUs,
like really powerful GPUs.
- I've got the GeForce 3090, which is a beast.
Do you know what kind you're using?
- Yeah, so we use a lot of V100s, like A100s.
And we rent, basically what we do
is we rent dedicated machines from a provider.
And each machine, we're able to pick the specs that we want,
like how many GPUs, what cards, how much RAM,
what kind of CPU we want on there.
So we're able to pick the specs that we want.
And we found that that's been the best way to do it
because big clouds, yeah, if you're running
a dozen, dozens of GPU,
of the most expensive types of GPUs for weeks on end.
You could do that if you had one training run
you wanted to do, but a lot of times
you have to train a model halfway through,
it doesn't work well, you have to restart,
or it finishes training and the results are not that good
and you learn something, so you have to go back
and start over, and now what we're doing
is buying a bunch of our own compute.
My dream is to have some closet somewhere
with just tons of GPUs and our own mini data center
the R&D because if things go down, when you're training a model, you check point it as you
go. So if your program crashes or your server crashes, you can resume training. Whereas
for production workloads, we use AWS for that because things can't go down. And I don't
think we'd want to take on our own competency of hosting our own production infrastructure.
But for the R&D stuff, we are looking into just buying a ton versus renting because it'd
be a lot more cost efficient.
And instead of basically paying each year for the same compute, you just buy it once
and then you just pay for the electricity and server hosting costs and maintenance costs
that come with that.
Maybe find a big office building and offer to heat it for free in the winter by just
running it on the inside.
Yeah, there's this like, you can run like NVIDIA SMI,
I don't know if you can play around with GPUs at all,
but like, you can see what the temperature is of the GPU.
And like, sometimes, you know, if I'm,
I remember a while ago when I was training
some of these models, I would just like,
look at what the temperature is during training.
And yeah, they get so hot and these data centers
have to have all this, all these special cooling
infrastructure to keep the machines down.
- Yeah, to the extent that some of them,
- Yeah, to the extent that people are creating
underwater data center, like nodes
and putting them down there
and just letting the ocean be the heat sink.
- Yeah, maybe we can buy some land in like,
you know, Antarctica and put our stuff there.
That's really the GitHub, like the Arctic code thing.
I forget what it's called.
- Yeah, the Arctic code vault, yes.
- Yeah, yeah.
So we could do something like that for our GPUs.
When we get bigger, that's the dream.
That's my dream.
So yeah, so we train,
I think we have like,
I think somewhere like maybe like 200,
like GPUs that we use just for R&D and training
and we're getting a lot more.
'Cause you don't wanna be,
a lot of times there's like scheduling bottlenecks.
So two researchers wanna run a model
and need a bunch of compute to be able to do that.
And they're both good ideas.
You don't want to have to wait four weeks
for someone to run their model because compute is taken.
So we're trying to unblock those scheduling conflicts
by just getting more compute.
And for the production side, yeah,
we deploy everything in AWS right now
and onto smaller GPUs.
'Cause a lot of our models do inference on GPU still.
Some of our models do inference on CPU.
- Oh, interesting.
you evaluate the stuff, it still uses GPUs even after the right.
Okay, correct. Yeah, I mean, there's, we could run it on CPU, but it's just not as
parallelizable as running it on GPUs. There's a lot of work that we could
probably do to get it really efficient so that, you know, we're running it on like
as few CPU cores as possible. But one of the problems is like, almost like every
like three to four months, we're like throwing out the current neural network
architecture and using a different one that
is giving us better results.
Sometimes we'll make the model bigger,
or there'll be a small tweak in the model architecture that
yields better results.
But a lot of times, it's like, OK, we've
kind of iterated within this architecture as much as we can.
And now to get the next accuracy bump,
we have to go to a new architecture.
We're undergoing that right now.
We released-- one of our newer speech recognition models
we released, I think, like three months ago.
And the results are really good, but now we
have one that is looking a lot better,
and it'd be like a completely different architecture.
And so it's just that trade-off of,
do you spend a bunch of time optimizing the current model
that you have and trying to prune the neural network
and do all these optimizations to get it really small?
Or do you just spend that research effort
and that energy focused on finding the next accuracy gain?
And because we're trying to win customers and grow our revenue,
it's just, all right, let's just focus on the next model.
And when we have a big enough team or when we can focus on it,
we'll work on making the models smaller and more
compute efficient and less costly to run.
But right now, yeah, our speech recognition model,
that does inference on a GPU.
There's a couple of our NLP-related models,
like our content moderation model
that does inference on a GPU.
And then there's like our automatic punctuation
and casing restoration model,
like that runs on a CPU,
'cause that's not as compute intense.
And so it really varies, yeah.
But to your point-- - It's pretty interesting.
- Sorry, go ahead.
- Yeah, as you say,
it's pretty interesting to think about
how you're optimizing the software stack
and the algorithms and the libraries and whatnot.
when you're not doing something that's changing so quickly,
you know, if it's working,
you can kind of just leave it alone, right?
Like I've got some APIs,
I think they're built either in Pyramid or Flask.
Sure, it'd be nicer to rebuild them in FastAPI,
but they're working fine.
I'm just like, I have no reason to touch them.
- Right.
- So I don't, there's not a,
like a huge step jump I'm going to take.
They're not under extreme load or anything, right?
- Yeah.
in your world, right?
The out, there's so much innovation happening
around the models that you do have to think about that.
So how do you work that trade off?
How do you like, well, could we get more
out of what we've got or should we abandon it
and start over, right?
Because it's something, it is nice to have a very polished
and well-known thing as well.
- Definitely, and every time we throw out our architecture
and implement a new architecture,
you've now got to figure out how to run that architecture
at scale and you don't want to have any hiccups
for your current customers or users of your API,
which sometimes happens because these models are so big
that you can't just write this monolith service
that sits on a GPU and does everything.
You have to break it up into a bunch of component parts
to let it, so that you can run it efficiently at scale.
So there's like eight, nine microservices
for a single model 'cause you break out, okay,
all these different parts and try to get it running
really efficiently in parallel.
But it does beg the question of how do you build good CI/CD workflows
and good DevOps workflows to get models into production quickly?
And this is something that we're working on right now
and trying to solve.
Because a lot of times we have better models,
and we sit on them for two, three weeks because
we have to get them into staging, we have to do load testing,
see if there's anything with scaling that has to change
because the model profile is different.
Are there any weird edge cases that we didn't check or see during testing?
So it slows down the rate of development because you have,
it's hard to do CI/CD.
It's not like you just, okay, run these tests,
the code works, go.
There's like compute profile changes that happen.
And so maybe you need a different instance type
or you need to--
- Right, it uses less CPU but way more RAM.
So if you actually deploy it, it's gonna crash or something.
Okay, got it. - Exactly.
And then doing that at scale, you have to,
like profile that and do load testing.
And so really we're trying to figure out
how to get these models into production faster.
And I think the whole like ML ops world is so
in its infancy, you know, around things like that.
And it's a lot of work.
Yeah, it's a lot of work.
So for us, the trade-off though is always like,
you know, our customers and developers,
they just want better results
and always more accurate results.
And so we just always are working on pushing our models,
making them more accurate.
If we can iterate within a current architecture, great.
Like sometimes you can just make the model bigger
or make a small change
and then you get a lot of accuracy improvements.
And it's just like what we call like a drop-in update
where no code changes.
It's just literally like the model that you're loading
is just different.
And then it's just more accurate.
- Right, that's easy, yeah.
- That's the dream, you know, it's just a drop-in.
But that's maybe like 30% of updates.
Like the other 70% are, okay, you've got a new architecture
or it's got a pretty different compute profile.
So it uses a lot more RAM or it's a lot slower to load
in the beginning.
So we need to scale earlier because instances come online
later and become healthy later.
So there's all these like things you have to think about.
- Yeah, the whole DevOps side of this sounds way more
interesting and involved than I first thought.
- Yeah, yeah, it's painful too.
I mean, we were like, I can't explain how many like graphs we have in data dog, just
like monitoring things all day and like how luckily I don't have to work on that anymore.
That was very stressful.
And I was like, owning infrastructure.
Now we have people that are better at it than me.
We had like two DevOps people start on Monday.
But yeah, like DevOps is a huge, huge piece of this.
Yeah, that's quite interesting.
I do want to circle back to one real quick thing.
You talked about buying your own GPUs for training and people might have everything
and like who would want to go and get their own hardware in the day of AWS?
One day, whatever, right?
Like it just seems crazy, but there's certainly circumstances like here's an example that I
recently thought about.
So there's a place called Mac Stadium where you get Macs in the cloud.
Hey, how cool, right?
So maybe you want to have like something you could do with extra things.
And well, what does it cost?
Well, for a Mac mini M1, it's $132 a month.
Is that high or low?
- Well, the whole device, if you were to buy it,
costs $700.
- Yeah, yeah.
- I suspect that even though the GPUs are expensive,
there's probably something where
if you really utilize it extensively,
it actually makes, it stops making sense
in ways that people might not expect.
- Yeah, that, to buy it, you mean, right?
Like it stops making sense to rent it, yeah.
- It stops making sense to rent it in the cloud, yeah.
- Yeah, I mean, we spent a crazy amount of money
renting GPUs in the cloud.
And it's like, okay, if we had a bunch of money
to make a CapEx purchase, right?
Like just shell out a bunch of money
to buy a bunch of hardware up front,
it'd be so much better in the long run.
'Cause it is similar to the example you made about,
if you don't have a lot of cash,
then you're only gonna use a Mac for a couple months.
- Right, you need it for two weeks,
then it doesn't make sense to buy it.
Yeah, you pay the $100 and you're good to go.
- Right, right, or if you don't have like 2K,
and then you just rent it,
and it's like, if you don't have the money to buy a house,
you rent an apartment, right?
Like things like that.
So there are definitely benefits.
And I think for a lot of,
I think for most models, you don't need crazy compute.
Like you could get away with,
you could buy a desktop device that has like two GPUs,
or you could rent a dedicated machine
or still do it on AWS if you're using like one or two GPUs
and it wouldn't be insane.
So if you're just starting out,
you know, all those options are fine.
But if you're trying to do like big models
or train a bunch of parallel, you need more compute.
And yeah, you could like,
definitely it doesn't make sense
to use the big clouds for that.
There's a bunch of dedicated providers
that you can rent dedicated machines from
and just pay a monthly fee,
regardless of how much you use it.
And it's a lot more efficient for companies to do that.
- Interesting.
Give me your thoughts on sort of CapEx versus OpEx
for ML startups rather than, I don't know,
it's some other SaaS service
that doesn't have such computational stuff.
CapEx being you got to buy a whole bunch of machines and GPUs and stuff versus
OpEx of like, what's going to cost this much to run the cloud.
I feel like things are more possible because you can get the stuff in the
cloud, prove an idea and then get investors without going, well, you know,
let's go to friends and family and get 250,000 for GPUs.
And if it doesn't work, we'll just do Bitcoin.
Yeah.
Definitely.
I mean, we started in the cloud, right?
And so like first models we trained were K80s, on K80s and AWS took like a month to train.
Yeah, it was terrible.
So we started in the cloud and then now that we're fortunate to have like more investment
in the company, we can make these CapEx purchases.
But yeah, I mean, the operating expenses of running an ML startup are also like crazy,
payroll and AWS are our biggest expenses because you run so much compute and it's super expensive.
And what I talk about and what we talk about is there's nothing fundamental about what
we're doing that makes that the case. It just goes back to that point of do you spend a
couple months optimizing your models, bringing compute costs down, or do you just focus on
new architecture and kind of pay your way to get to the future, like this growth versus, yeah.
And we're like a venture-backed company. So there's expectations around our growth and all
that. So we just focus on like, okay, let's just get to the next milestone and not focus too much
on bringing those costs down because there's the opportunity cost of doing that. But eventually
we'll have to. Yeah. It's a little bit of the ML equivalent of
of sort of the growth,
you can lose money to just grab users.
- Oh yeah.
- Yeah, that sort of gain capabilities, right?
- It is, yeah, it is 100%.
- And then you'll figure out how to do it efficiently
once you kind of find your way.
Okay.
- And I'll give you like a tangible example.
I mean, like we've been adding a lot of customers
and developers on the API
and there's always like new scaling problems that come up.
And sometimes we're just like, look,
let's just scale the whole system up.
It's gotta be inefficient, there's gotta be waste,
but like, let's scale it up and then we'll like,
fine tune the auto scaling to bring it down over time.
Versus like having to step into like a more perfect
auto scaling scenario that wouldn't cost as much,
but there'd be bumps along the way.
And so we just like scaled everything up recently
to buy us time to go work on figuring out
to improve some of these like auto scaling.
Yeah, yeah, you could spend two weeks trying to figure out the right way to go
to production, or you could spend just more money, get it to work.
And then, cause you, you might not be sure with the, like the multiple month
life cycle of some of these things, is this actually going to be the way we
want to stick with?
So let's not spend two weeks optimizing it first.
Right.
Um, very interesting.
And I mean, like, look, not every company can make that decision.
Like if you are bootstrapped or you're trying to get off the ground, which like a lot of companies are.
You do have to make those, like, you can't just pay your way to the future.
Um, yeah.
So I'm a big fan of a bootstraps companies and finding your way.
I don't think that necessarily just, you know, set a ton of money on fire is the only way forward, but if you have backers already, then they would prefer you to move faster.
I suspect.
Correct.
Yeah.
Like I always was self-conscious about our operating costs as an ML company, because
they're high compared to other SaaS companies where you don't have heavy compute.
But the investors we work with, they get that like, "Okay, there's nothing fundamental about
this that requires those costs to be high.
You just have to spend time on bringing them down."
And there's a clear path.
It's not like Uber where it's like the path to bring cost down or self-driving cars because
it's expensive to employ humans.
That's so far down the road.
But for us, it's like, "Okay, we need to just spend three months making these models more
efficient and they'll run a lot cheaper."
But it's, yeah, that trade-off.
But I love bootstrap companies too.
I mean, just a different way to do it.
- Something special about like,
you're actually making a profit,
you're actually the customers and people paying for something.
- And the answer to, yeah.
- Yeah, and the freedom for sure.
So you probably saw me messing around with the screen here
to pull up this raspberry pi thing.
There's a question out in the audience says,
could you do this kind of stuff on a raspberry pi?
And like a standard raspberry pi, I suspect absolutely no.
But have you ever seen that there are water cooled
raspberry pi clusters?
Are you aware of these things?
- I have not seen that.
That is crazy.
Is that insane?
- That's insane.
What kind of compute are they getting on that?
- You know what?
It's pretty comparable to a MacBook Pro on this.
And they've got eight water-cooled raspberry pies
in a cluster.
And it's really an amazing device.
But if you look back at,
you know, you sort of consider it like a single PC
with a basic Nvidia card or a MacBook Pro
or something like that.
That's still pretty far from what you guys need.
Like how many GPUs did you say you were using
to train your models?
Tons, like a hundred?
- Yeah, like 64 for the bigger ones.
Yeah, in parallel.
Yeah.
- Yeah, these are not small GPUs.
So I suspect-- - I don't think that would work.
- I'm gonna maybe throw it out there for you and say,
probably no, maybe for the scikit-learn type stuff,
but not for what you're doing, not the--
- Yeah, not for training,
but you could do inference on a Raspberry Pi.
Like you could squeeze a model down super tiny,
like what they do to get some models onto your phones
and run that on a Raspberry Pi.
You get the model small enough.
The accuracy might not be great, but like you could do it.
Oh, there's a lot of stuff happening around the edge.
Like I think a lot of that Siri.
- The edge compute, the sort of ML on device type stuff.
- Yup, like a lot of the speech recognition on your phone
now happens on device.
Yeah, and not-
- It's sort of related to this,
- Like the new M1 chips and even the chips in the Apple phones
before then come with neural engines built in,
like multi-core neural engines.
Interesting for Edge stuff again,
but not really gonna let you do the training
and stuff like that, right?
- Yeah, yeah, like I haven't done much iOS development,
but I know there's like SDKs now
to kind of like get your neural networks on device
and make use of these, like the hardware on the phone.
And definitely if you're trying to deploy your stuff
on the edge, there's a lot more resources available to you.
- It's a really good experience.
Cause having, you know, you speak to your assistant
or you do something and it says thinking, thinking like,
okay, well that, I don't want that.
Like, I'll just go through it.
If I got to wait 10 seconds.
- Right.
- Yeah.
- So it happens immediately.
And there's the privacy aspect too.
- Yeah, absolutely.
The privacy is great.
Yeah, like the wake word on the Alexa, I don't know if you know this, but like the wake words
like on the Alexa device, like they happen locally. That runs locally. Although I've
heard that when you say Alexa, they verify it in the cloud with a more powerful model.
Because sometimes it'll trigger and then shut off. I don't know if you've ever seen that happen.
Yeah, it's a little spin around and go, "Ah, no, that wasn't right."
Yeah, exactly. I think what's happening is that they're sending the wake word to the cloud to
to verify, like, did you actually say Alexa?
Probably the local models below some certain confidence
level, it sends it up to the cloud.
And then the cloud verifies like, yes, start processing.
But it is much faster from a latency perspective.
Although with 5G, I don't know if like, you know,
like mobile internet is so much faster now.
- It's getting pretty crazy.
Yeah, absolutely.
- Yeah, sometimes I'll be somewhere where my wifi is slow
and I'll just tether my phone and it's like faster.
- If I'm not at my house, I usually do that.
If I go to a coffee shop or an airport,
I'm like, there's a very low chance
that the wifi here is better than my 5G tether.
- Yeah, exactly, exactly, exactly.
- Chuck Woody in the audience
has a real interesting question, I think,
that you can speak to because you're
in this space right now, living it.
What do investors look at when considering an AI startup
or maybe, yeah, AI startup,
not just specifically speech to text?
Yeah, it's a good question.
I think it really depends on,
like, are you building like a vertical application
that makes use of AI?
So you're building some like, you know,
like call center optimization software
where there's like AI under the hood,
but you're using it to power this like business use case
versus are you building some like infrastructure AI company?
Like we're us, like we're building APIs for speech to text
or if you're building a company that's exposing like APIs for NLP or different types of tasks.
I think it varies what they look at.
I am not an expert in like fundraising or AI startups.
I want to make that very clear.
So maybe don't take my advice to you.
But you've done it successfully, which is, I mean, there are people who claim to be experts
but are not currently running a successful backed company.
I wouldn't put too much of a caveat there. Yeah. I think we just got lucky with meeting
some of the right people that have helped us. But I think it's like, yeah, are you doing
something innovative on the model side? Do you have some innovation on the architecture side?
I actually don't really think the whole data moat is that strong of an argument personally,
because there's just so much data on the internet now.
Data moat being like, we run Gmail so we can scan everybody's email. That gives us a competitive
advantage of knowing. Yeah, exactly. I don't know. You might get a slight advantage, but there's so
much data on the internet and there's so many innovations happening around. Look at GPT-3
that OpenAI put out. That was just trained on crazy amounts, a huge model trained on crazy
amounts of public domain data on the internet works so well across so many different tasks.
So even if you had a data moat for a specific task, it's arguable that GPT-3 could beat you
at that task. So I think it depends what you're doing, but I don't personally buy into the whole
data moat thing that much. Because even for us, we're able to build some of the best speech to
to text models in the world.
And we don't have this like secret source of data.
You know, we just have a lot of innovation on the model side
and there's tons of data in the public domain
that you can access now.
So I think it's really about like,
are you building some type of application
that is making the lives of like a customer,
developer, some startup like easier leveraging AI?
Solving a problem that people pay money to solve.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
Cause I actually think it's more about like the distribution of the tech
you're building versus the tech itself.
So like, are you packaging it up and it easy to use API or is like the,
cause like imagine you're selling something to like podcast hosts that uses AI.
I mean, the AI could be amazing, but if like the user interface sucks, you know,
like you're, you're not going to do, you're going to make a post request over
to this and you put this header in and like, it's gonna like, here's how you do paging
and like, no, no, here's the library in your language, you call the one function, things
happen, right? Like how presentable or straightforward do you make it? Right?
Right. Because I actually think, you know, that that's a huge piece of it. Are you are
you making it easier? Are you making is the distribution around the technology you're
creating? Like really powerful? And and like, do you have good ideas around that? So I think
a combination of those things. But to be honest, I think really depends on what you're building
and what the product is or what you're doing, because it varies. Like really, it varies a lot.
Yeah. There's also the part that we as developers don't love to think about,
but the marketing and awareness and growth and traction, right? You could say, look, here's the
most amazing model we have. Well, we haven't actually got any users yet, but that is a really
hard sell for investors unless they absolutely see, you know, this has huge potential, right?
But if you're like, look, we've got this much monthly number of users, and here's the way
we're going to start to up, you know, create a premium offering and yeah, right. Yeah,
that's something we're not particularly skilled at as developers, but that's, that's a non
trivial part of any tech startup, right?
Oh, yeah. And I think as a developer to you kind of like shy away from wanting to work
on that because it's so much easier to just write code or build a new feature versus like
go solve this hard marketing problem or marketing sales like you've got to have them even if
you're bad at it.
Yeah.
We're fortunate that we get to market to developers.
So like I enjoy it.
You know and because you get like to talk to developers all the time.
But yeah that's a huge piece of it too.
Definitely.
It's got all come together.
Yeah.
Let's wrap this up a little bit.
We're getting sort of near the end,
but let's talk about you've got this idea,
you've got your models, you've got your libraries,
you've trained them up using your GPUs.
Now you wanna offer it as an API.
Like how do you go to production
with a machine learning model and do something interesting?
You wanna talk about how that's worked.
I know you talked a little bit
about running the cloud and whatnot,
but like, do you offer as an API over Flask
or do you run it on cloud?
Like, what are you doing there?
Are they Lambda functions?
You know, what's your world look like?
- So we have asynchronous APIs where you send in
an audio file and then we send you a webhook
when it's done processing.
And then we have real-time APIs over WebSocket
where you're streaming audio and you're getting stuff back
over a WebSocket in real-time.
The real-time stuff's a lot more challenging to build.
- I'm sure it is.
- Yeah, the async stuff, really what happens is we have,
So one of our main APIs was built in Tornado.
I don't know if you, yeah.
- Yeah.
- Like it's like-
- The early, early async-
- Yeah.
- Enabled Python web framework
before asyncio was officially a thing.
- Yep.
So I built the first version of the API in Tornado.
So it's kind of like still in Tornado for that reason.
A lot of the newer things or newer microservices
are built in FastAPI or Flask.
And so for the asynchronous API,
what happens is like you're making a post request,
the API is really just like a CRUD app.
It's storing a record of the request that you made
with all the parameters that you turned on or turn off.
And then that goes into a database,
some worker that's like the orchestrator
is constantly looking at that database and is like,
okay, there's some new work to be done.
And then kicks off all these different jobs
to all these different microservices,
some over queues, some over HTTP,
collects everything back, orchestrates
what can be done in parallel, what
depends on what to be done first.
When that's all done, all the asynchronous background jobs,
the orchestrator pushes the final result back
into our primary database.
And then that triggers you getting a webhook
with the final result. So that's, in a nutshell,
what the architecture looks like for the asynchronous
workloads, there's like tons of different microservices all with different
instance types and different compute requirements, some GPU,
some CPU, some, you know, like all different scaling policies.
And that's really where the hard part is. And that's,
that's kind of like the basic overview of how the asynchronous stuff works in
production.
Yeah. Yeah. Very cool. Yeah.
Are you seeing Postgres or MySQL or something like that?
- Postgres for the primary DB.
Because we're on AWS, we use DynamoDB for a couple things
like a febrile records we need to keep around for,
like when you send something in, it goes to DynamoDB
and that's where we like keep track of basically
like your request and what parameters you had on and off.
That kicks off a bunch of things.
But the primary DB is Postgres.
Yeah, I think there's like at this point,
like it's getting pretty large.
There's like a few billion records in there.
- Yeah.
- 'Cause we process like a couple million audio files a day
with the API.
And sometimes I'll read on Hacker News,
like these, I think like GitHub went down at one point
because like they couldn't increment
the primary key values any higher.
- It's 64 is overflowing, we're done.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Something like that, yeah.
- I'm in the back of my mind,
I hope we're thinking about something like that, because that would be really bad if
we came up against something like that.
Yeah.
Do you store the audio content in the database or do they go in like some kind of bucket,
some object storage thing?
So we're unique in that we don't store a copy of your audio data for privacy reasons for
you.
So you send something in, it's stored ephemerally, like in the memory of the machine that's processing
your file and then what's stored is the transcription text encrypted at rest because you need to
be able to make a get request to the API to fetch it.
But then you can follow up with a delete request to permanently delete the transcription text
from our database as well.
So we try to like keep no record of the data that you're processing, because like we want
to be really privacy focused and sensitive.
You can, like some customers will toggle on
that we keep some of their data
to continuously improve the models,
but by default, we don't store anything.
- Yeah, that's really cool.
- Yeah. - That's good for privacy.
It's also good for you all because there's just less stuff
that you have to be nervous about
when you're trying to fall asleep.
You're like, what if somebody broke in
and got all the audio?
Oh, wait, we don't have the audio.
Okay, so that's not a thing they could get.
You know, like things like that, right?
Yeah, yeah, it's definitely, definitely.
I hadn't thought about that before,
but I'm imagining now what that would be.
- Well, now you're gonna be nervous
'cause there's probably other stuff, but that's all good.
- Yeah, yeah, now you got me thinking in that space.
Like, what are those things we need to lock up?
No, we're mostly a team of engineers.
So I think of the 30 people, 70% are engineers
with a lot more experience than me.
So we're doing everything by the book.
- Yeah, of course. - Especially with the business
that we're in, yeah.
- Yeah, of course.
- Yeah.
- All right, Dylan, I think we're out of time,
if not out of topic.
So let's maybe wrap this up a little bit
with the final two questions and some packages and stuff.
So if you're gonna work on some Python code,
what editor are you using these days?
- I'm still using Sublime.
- Right on.
- Do you, what do you use? - One of the OG easy ones.
- I'm mostly PyCharm if I wanna just open a single file
and look at it, I'll probably use VS Code for that.
That's probably just, you know, I wanna open that thing,
not have all the project ideas around it,
but if I'm doing proper work, probably PyCharm these days.
- Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
- Yeah, and then notable PyPI projects,
some library out there.
I mean, you've already talked about it,
like TensorFlow and some others,
but anything out there you're like,
oh, we should definitely check this out?
- Let me think.
not on all PyFive projects.
I would check out Hugging Face if you haven't yet.
It's pretty cool library.
Yeah, pretty cool library.
- Yeah, Hugging Face seems like a really interesting idea.
I wanna give a quick shout out to one as well.
I don't know if you've seen this.
Have you seen PLS, please, as an LS replacement?
Chris May told me about this yesterday.
Told me and Brian for Python Bytes.
Check this out.
It's a new LLS that has icons and it's all developer focused.
So if you've got a virtual environment,
it'll show that separately.
If you've got a Python file, it has a Python icon.
The things that appear in the list are controlled somewhat
by the gitignore file and other things like that.
And you can even do a more detailed listing
where it'll show the git status of the various files.
Isn't that crazy?
- That's really cool.
- Yeah, so that's a Python library PLS.
- PLS, that's awesome.
- I'll check that one out.
- Yeah, we'll check that out.
- Yeah.
- All right, Dylan, thank you so much for being on the show.
It's really cool to get this look into running ML stuff
in production and whatnot.
You wanna give us a final call?
Yeah, you bet.
You wanna give us a final call to action?
People are interested in sort of maybe doing an ML startup
or even if they wanna do things with Assembly AI.
- Yeah, so if you wanna check out our APIs
for automatic speech to text,
You can go to our website, assemblyai.com,
get a free API token.
You don't have to talk to anyone.
You can start playing around.
There's a lot of Python code samples
that you can grab to get up and running pretty quickly.
And then, yeah, if you're interested in ML startups,
I think that, like, one of the things
that I always recommend is if you wanna go
like the funding route,
definitely check out Y Combinator as a place to apply
because that really helped us get off the ground.
They help you out with like a lot of credits around GPUs
and resources and it helps a lot.
That helped us a lot.
- Were you in the 2017 cohort?
- Yeah, 2017.
So it was super helpful and I would highly recommend that.
There's also just a big community of other like ML people
that you can get access to through that.
So that really helped
and I would recommend people check that out.
How about if I don't want to go VC funded?
Oh, one more.
Yeah, so one more is also an online accelerator called Pioneer.
I don't know if you've heard of this, but that's also a good one to check out too.
If you don't want to go the accelerator route, then I would say,
really it's just about getting a model working good enough to close your first customer and then
and then just keep iterating.
So don't get caught up in reaching state of the art
or in the research,
just think of the MVP model that you need to build
to go win your first customer
and then keep going from there.
- Yeah, awesome.
All right, well, thanks for sharing all your experience
and for being here.
- Yeah, yeah, thanks for having me on, this was fun.
- Yeah, you bet, it was.
Bye. - Cool, all right, bye.